
Hello,

Genuinely sorry that we won't be meeting this weekend, but we also really do understand, given the circumstances. The only "preparations" we really made were dyeing my hair (bright red) again and buying snacks, and neither of those things will go to waste. Please keep yourselves safe, we will all still be around (and eager to visit!) when the pandemic dies down. I am also going to continue studying haircut techniques for when we do meet. If Dad is really fed up with his hair, you might consider to invest in a pair of buzz clippers with plastic guards -- the longest guard is usually 1" and he can run the clipper over his head to chop off everything longer than an inch. 

I heard the mandatory mask order has been extended to the end of August in your county, and I'm glad to hear it. Wish they would have something like that here, or enforce it better if they've already got it in place. It's gotten to the point that we won't walk into any stores unless they are predominantly Asian businesses; the Daiso (Japanese Dollar Store) even enforces a queue outside to keep the occupancy down below a certain percentage.

I'm not sure how an animal Buster's size is supposed to tackle a rabbit or badger, but it's good to hear that his instincts remain intact under certain circumstances. For all that Maki is much more easygoing than Stormy, she's also much more rambunctious. Like all cats, every now and then she goes a little crazy and has to run in circles around the room and knock things over. She also meows very strangely sometimes: at loud volume, like a yowl, but clipped off very short. Adella thinks she is trying to bark.

Just yesterday Maki was running one of her marathons and I laughed at her. At this insult, she jumped up on the coffee table, stood up on her hind legs, looked straight at me and did one of those short yowls. Standing up and yowling like that, she looked so anthropomorphic -- like a tiny person who'd just been gravely insulted and was telling me off -- that I burst out laughing. This was probably not the response she was going for, I imagine, but I've never seen a cat do that. 

We learn something new every day I suppose -- I've legitimately never heard of 'transqueer'. Got to brush up on my gender studies apparently! Transgender women who are exclusively attracted to women often call themselves 'transbians', a portmaneau of 'transgender' and 'lesbian'. 

Speaking of corporations pushing "wokeness" in an effort to appeal to younger crowds, Adella and I feel that we've come across a notable instance recently where this strategy backfired. There's a pretty famous post-apocalyptic video game series with a lesbian protagonist, quite a rare thing in fact. Well, the sequel just came out and the game developers decided to put a transgender woman into the game as well. Unfortunately...I don't know if the character is supposed to be a trans woman who can't find hormone replacements since the apocalypse has happened and everything, but she looks regrettably like a man with a ponytail. And while it's true that some trans women do look this way, virtually no trans women *want* to look this way. 

Adella thinks this character might have come about unintentionally during game development. I trust you've seen motion-capture recording done for movie special effects (the blue suits with ping-pong balls stuck all over them?) They do a similar thing for games. And Adella believes that the character might have originally been a regular male, so they did all the motion-capture with a large male actor, and then (for whatever reason) the developers decided to make the character female instead. But you can't just give the character a slim/petite build when their motion-capture recordings are meant for someone with a large build (I can show you what this looks like sometime, but suffice to say, it doesn't turn out well.) 

So the character turned out as a large, muscular woman, and some genius decided to make her a transwoman on top of that. If they'd left her a regular cis (not-trans) woman it would've been better, IMO. 

In other news, I'm growing a tiny herb garden on the balcony again. The basil seems droopy (not sure why? I watered it plenty) but I believe from past experience that the mint and rosemary will flourish here. I enjoy having something nice and green to look at and tend to. And as long as the basil endures I can look forward to adding it to pizzas and focaccia :)

And in closing, how about I call you this coming weekend? Since we can't meet for a while longer, if you're in the mood for it, we can try to talk every Saturday or Sunday or whatever works best for you. We both miss you dearly and want to do whatever we can to lift your spirits until we meet again.










........................